International Business
Extranjeros
Volver
Sello UANDES
Admisión
Carreras
Becas
Visitas
Eventos
Noticias
Alumnos
Alumni
Académicos
Internacional
Alumnos
Alumni
Académicos
Internacional
Vinculación con
el Medio
Biblioteca
Clínica UANDES
ESE Business School
Menú
Vinculación Escolar
Extranjeros
BUSCAR
Sello UANDES
Admisión
Carreras
Becas
Visitas
Eventos
Noticias
×
Lo más buscado
Calendario Académico
Preguntas Frecuentes
Admisión
Carreras
Vida Universitaria
/ Home
/ Carreras
/ Área Ingeniería y Administración
/ International Business
UANDES School of Business and Economics
International Business
Why International Business at Universidad de los Andes?
The International Business program of Universidad de los Andes allows students to gain an international perspective. By sharing learning experiences in class sessions with students from diverse cultural and national backgrounds, and spending a mandatory semester studying abroad in one of our partner universities, students acquire the knowledge and develop the necessary skills to thrive in a global environment.
Top 3 undergraduate business school in Chile
Top 2 in employability
Over 2,500 graduates
76% of faculty holds a Ph.D.
Career Prospects
The International Business program of Universidad de los Andes allows students to gain an international business perspective. During their studies, students share learning experiences in class sessions with students from diverse cultural and national backgrounds, and spend a mandatory semester studying abroad in one of our partner universities. After completing the 8-semester curriculum, students acquire the skills to work in global workplaces and the knowledge regarding different cultures and business practices, both necessary to thrive in a global environment.

Graduates can pursue careers in areas such as International Business, Finance, Marketing, Human Resources Management and Global Strategy, in Chile or other countries of the world.
Course Structure
Degree
Bachelor of Science in International Business (Licenciado en Negocios Internacionales)
Program length
8 semesters
Leading to
Ingeniería Comercial (+ 2 semesters)
PROGRAM FEATURES
4-year program
:
pioneer
 undergraduate degree program in International Business in Chile.
International semester
:
study abroad one or
    two semesters during the 4th year at one of our partner universities, including Bristol (UK), Northeastern (USA), WU Vienna (Austria) and Macquarie (Australia).
Bilingual
:
learn Finance, Marketing, Economics, Strategy and International Business in English.
Internationally recognized
:
the BSc in International Business is a well-known degree and recognized around the world. Graduates may continue studying an MBA or other master’s degree
    in Chile or abroad.
Multicultural environment
:
share
 learning experiences with students from other countries.
Ingeniería Comercial
:
after your
    4-year Bachelor of Science in International Business, you can voluntarily study two additional semesters, obtaining the Ingeniería Comercial professional degree.
Learn more about UANDES School of Business and Economics
ENGLISH LANGUAGE LEVEL REQUIREMENT
To qualify for a place in the program, candidates must demonstrate a B2 (CEFR) equivalent or better English Language proficiency.
English Test
International English Certificate
UANDES English Test
Applicants must pass the English Language Test offered by the UANDES School of Business and Economics (taken on Campus or online)
All students from out of Santiago willing to take the English Test only are entitled to do so. We'll send you an email with the details to access the testing platform one week before the test date. If you nevertheless prefer to take the test online on campus, please let us know responding the confirmation email you receive when signing up for the test.
The next available date is June 7th.
Sign up to take the test
International English Certificate
Applicants can submit the results of an international English test certifying the required proficiency (IELTS, TOEFL, FCE, CAE, PEIC, Cambridge AICE or Cambridge IGCSE, IB, OTE).
Applicants may submit their certificates here
Admission
Apply through DEMRE
Local students can apply to the program by taking the national admissions test, administered by DEMRE (centralized admission).
MINIMIUN SCORES
Cutoff score:
810,35 points
Minimum weighted PAES score:
610 points
Minimum average PAES score (Reading comprehension and M1):
600 points
LOADINGS
NEM
10%
Ranking
30%
Reading Competence
10%
Mathematics (M1)
35%
Mathematics (M2)
5%
Science or History
10%
TUITION AND ADMISSION FEES
Admission fee
USD $870
Tuition
USD $9.500
Special entry
Local and foreign students can apply directly at UANDES using international tests or other academic certificates:
IB students
German, Italian and French Baccalaureate students
A-levels
Foreign students
Academic merit (public school students)
Leadership
Sportsmanship
Talent
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS EXCHANGE
The International Business UANDES program has +77 agreements with universities in +26 countries, including Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Kenya, The Netherlands, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom and the United States.
Learn more
Some of our partner universities
Visit Geoge Mason University website
Visit Istanbul Aydin University website
Visit Kedge Business School website
Visit Korea University website
Visit Macquarie University website
Visit Northeastern University website
Visit Royal Roads University website
To see all our partner universities, click here.
Visit University of Bristol website
Visit Wu Vienna website
Visit Zagreb School of Economics and Management website
Testimonios
André Bergoeing
André Bergoeing Director of International Business and professor of Dynamic Global Forces.
Wei Xiong
Wei Xiong, professor of Microeconomics I.
Juan Nagel
Juan Nagel professor of Latin American Business and Politics.
<-- Botón sticky international business -->
Sign up
to take the test
Other programs
International Business
Bachillerato de Ingeniería Comercial
Administración de Servicios
Ingeniería Comercial
Ingeniería Civil en Obras Civil
Ingeniería Civil en Ciencias de la Computación
Ingeniería Civil Ambiental
Ingeniería Civil Eléctrica
Ingeniería Civil Industrial
The information provided in this webpage refers to the 2026 admission process. Universidad de los Andes may change this information without prior notice.
Frequently Asked Questions
See FAQ
mantente al día sobre admisión
Ingresa tu E-Mail
Contáctanos
admisionpregrado@uandes.cl
(+562) 26181000
Monseñor Álvaro del Portillo 12.455
Las Condes, Santiago, Chile
Puntajes de corte
Ponderaciones
Admisión Directa
Admisión PAES
Campus
Eventos
Noticias
Sign up to
take the test
The next available date is June 7th.
To qualify for a place in the program, candidates must demonstrate a B2 (CEFR) equivalent or better English Language proficiency.
Sign up here